hey everyone sylvia perez here and in
today's video i want to talk about how
you can take over a new google ads
account maybe you just got a new client
and they had been running google ads
campaigns before
or maybe you just started a new position
at a company as a paid media manager
and you have to take over the company's
google ad account so let's go ahead and
get into this video on how you can take
over the account
so you can improve performance and not
make things worse
which has actually happened to me in my
own experience let's get right into it
so when it comes to taking over google
ads accounts there is a saying that i
really like that is extremely relevant
and that is measure twice cut once
meaning when you take over a new google
ads account
the first thing you want to do is you
want to do some sort of google ads audit
and you want it to be very comprehensive
and doing your due diligence of finding
out
what's working in the account and what
isn't working
so when you do this google ads audit
make sure you do a very thorough job
find out why is the campaigns built the
way they are
why are the ad groups that way why did
they choose these keywords
what's their strategy here and really
dig deep to find out
why this account has been built the way
it has been built
that's the first thing you want to do is
you want to do a very comprehensive
audit
so that way when you go to implement
changes you actually make things better
and not worse because the tendency
that people have and i'm super guilty of
this i made this
huge mistake when i was actually just
starting out
was you take over an account and you
have
all these ideas for implementation that
you get after doing the audit
and you just like pause campaigns that
were working
but you didn't realize that because you
know maybe the conversion tracking
wasn't set up properly
and then you end up hurting overall
performance in the company versus
helping it
so you really want to make sure you
measure twice so you can cut once
do a very comprehensive google ads audit
and find out why things are
the way they are the second thing you
want to do when you take over
a google ads account is you want to make
sure you implement changes
slowly especially if the google ads
account
is a big one and you're and they're
spending a lot of money and they have 50
plus campaigns
you really want to make sure you're
implementing changes slowly
long story short is when i had just
graduated from college
i got a paid media position at a large
fitness club here in the us and they had
they have fitness gyms all over the
united states
and i was managing all of their paid
media search display video
all the different platforms and i was
managing over five hundred thousand
dollars a month
around black friday time for them and
when i had just came on board
i made so many changes so quickly
to their google ads account that it
ended up actually hurting overall
performance so for those of you out
there who
are managing large scale accounts again
make sure to do your due diligence
and then implement changes slowly that
way you don't rock the boat too much
and you allow things time to really
manifest and to create itself
versus making too many changes at once
and then
you know might not be better off for it
for those of you with smaller accounts
this isn't as important because
smaller accounts there's a lot more
leeway and flexibility but for those of
you managing large-scale accounts
making sure to implement changes slowly
is extremely important
and then last but not least the final
thing you can do when it comes to taking
over new
google ads accounts the one thing you
want to make sure you don't do
is delete stuff in google ads you pretty
much
never want to delete anything you don't
want to delete campaigns ad groups
keywords ads
none of it with google ads when you
delete stuff
it's still there in the account the only
downside is is once you delete something
you can't go back to it you can't use it
again
so the big big mistake that people make
when they take
over new accounts and again i'm guilty
of all this so
everything i'm talking about
unfortunately i had to learn the hard
way is
you delete stuff and then when you
delete stuff
and you realize oh wait a second i want
to use that campaign but i deleted it
and then you you want to use it again
but guess what now that it's deleted
it's not recoverable
so instead what you want to do is you
just want to pause it
unless you are a thousand percent sure
you are never going to use that thing
again
then you can delete it but if you're not
a thousand percent sure
just get in the habit of pausing over
deleting and that's really going to
allow you so
just in the case of you know worst case
scenario you did implement changes and
it didn't really
benefit as much as you'd like or you
realize hey wait a second
that campaign was actually doing pretty
good but i paused it and i didn't
realize it
you could always enable it again but if
you delete it then it's completely gone
and even google support won't be able to
recover that for you
because of it being deleted so make sure
you pause
over delete that is it for this video
just to recap the points when you take
over a new google ads account remember
measure twice
cut once do that comprehensive google
ads audit find out why things are the
way they are
and then the potential areas of
opportunity the second thing is you want
to implement changes slowly
especially for those of you managing
large scale accounts 50 plus campaigns
you know thousands upon thousands of
dollars a month in ads implement changes
slowly
that way you do not rock the boat too
much and end up
backfiring on you like it did with me in
my experience and then last but not
least the third point is you want to
make sure
you pause over delete don't delete
things unless you are a thousand percent
sure
you are gonna never use it again so just
get in the habit of pausing over
deleting that is it for this video i
hope you got tremendous value from it if
you can give this video a thumbs up
that'll help me out a ton and if you're
interested in learning my approach and
process
for launching profitable google ad
campaigns from scratch
and how i do that for clients and you
want to see me launch a campaign for a
real client
then i invite you to check out my new
course called the zero to launch google
ads formula
and i'll link that in the description
box down below and if you're not already
make sure to join the google ads pro
facebook group
to get access to weekly live streams and
content
outside of my youtube channel that can
really benefit you as well
thanks so much for watching i'll see you
in the next one take care
you